README.md, before:


# pbl-ragflow
## Overview

This repository contains a project that mixes frontend and backend code. Based on the repository language composition, the project includes JavaScript, Python, CSS, and HTML. The intent of this README is to provide a minimal starting point that you can expand with project-specific details.

## Features (example)
- Web frontend (HTML/CSS/JavaScript)
- Python backend or services
- Integration points for Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) or similar flows (if applicable)
## Quickstart (example)

These are generic instructions — replace paths/commands with the actual project structure.

1. Clone the repo
   git clone https://github.com/Vitalieww/pbl-ragflow.git
   cd pbl-ragflow
2. [Secret]
3. Open the app in your browser at the configured port (e.g., http://localhost:3000 or http://localhost:5000)

## Configuration

- This project uses a .env file to store environment variables.
- Do NOT commit actual .env files with secrets or API keys. Add `.env` to .gitignore if not already ignored.

## Tests
## Contributing

Contributions are welcome. A suggested minimal workflow:
1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch: git checkout -b feat/my-feature
3. Commit your changes and push: git push origin feat/my-feature
4. Open a pull request describing the changes

Please include tests and update this README with any new setup steps.

## License
## Contact
For questions, open an issue or contact the repository owner.

Commit message:

Revise README for clarity and installation steps
Updated README with installation steps and removed secret instructions.

README.md, after:


# pbl-ragflow
## Overview

This repository contains a project that mixes frontend and backend code. Based on the repository language composition, the project includes JavaScript, Python, CSS, and HTML. The intent of this README is to provide a minimal starting point that you can expand with project-specific details.

## Features (example)
- Web frontend (HTML/CSS/JavaScript)
- Python backend or services
- Integration points for Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) or similar flows (if applicable)
## Quickstart (example)

These are generic instructions — replace paths/commands with the actual project structure.

1. Clone the repo
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Vitalieww/pbl-ragflow.git
   cd pbl-ragflow
   ```
2. Install the requirements
3. Set .env variables 
4. Open the app in your browser at the configured port 

## Configuration

- This project uses a .env file to store environment variables.
- Do NOT commit actual .env files with secrets or API keys. Add `.env` to .gitignore if not already ignored.

## Tests
## Contributing

Contributions are welcome. A suggested minimal workflow:
1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch: git checkout -b feat/my-feature
3. Commit your changes and push: git push origin feat/my-feature
4. Open a pull request describing the changes

Please include tests and update this README with any new setup steps.

## License
## Contact
For questions, open an issue or contact the repository owner.
